You are crazy
Oops, the sect is unfortunate
I should never
I shouldn't let you stupid boy replace my Tianzong
It seems that after today
Of course my Tianzong's performance will be gone
How can I explain this to the eldest elder?
Sure enough, he is a fool
After today
Tianzong will be reduced to even
Third-rate aristocratic families are not low-level sects
Walking in the rivers and lakes without face
Watch out for trash
This Holy Son will let you learn a lot today
As expected of the Son
Climbing the ladder is so easy
That is the Son of God, but second only to the Son of Heaven
But really?
Yeah, awesome, awesome
Come on, come on.
Okay, seven steps.
Let alone the seven steps
Even someone who can climb six steps
You can count on both hands.
It seems that this cloud sky is really a rare day in a hundred years
Talent, brother is amazing
Look at that Tianzong trash
You are stupid
I'll tell you what.
If you are not careful about climbing the ladder, you will be ordered to Yu Zi
I advise you.
Still obediently waiting to step down from this Holy Son
Get through
I'm still waiting for you to drill my hip
Compare destiny
I want to see how you died today
This waste of Qi training chess
He can't even get to the first floor
Exactly.
How dare he challenge life and death with such a cultivation base?
He went up he went up